
By installing or using this font you agree to the Product Usage Agreement:
http://www.mansgreback.com/pua

-----------------------

This font is for PERSONAL USE ONLY and a license is required for public use.
The font license can be purchased at:
http://www.mansgreback.com/fonts/horror-korpus

-----------------------

Horror Korpus is an artistic rebellion, a statement against the clean and the pristine, evoking the gritty scenes of a horror movie into your design. 

With flames burning in its strokes and a wild, untamed demeanor, this rough font wears a garment of distress, with eroded and destroyed textures that screams an extreme temperament. It stands defiant, bearing a resemblance to edgy tattoo designs that adorn the bravest of souls.

Its characteristics make it an indisputable choice for heavy metal logos and intense film posters, adding a fiery and dark dimension to your designs. 

Write % after any word to make it into a symmetric logo.
Example: Monogram%
(Download required.)

Use ( ) { } [ ] < > around any word to give it wings. 
Example: <dragon>

Use ¶ ¦ ‡ ¤ × ÷ ≠ ± ~ to make demonic symbols like devils and skulls. 
Example: scary×movie

The font is built with advanced OpenType functionality and has a guaranteed top-notch quality, containing stylistic and contextual alternates, ligatures, and more features; all to give you full control and customizability. It has extensive lingual support, covering all Latin-based languages, from Northern Europe to South Africa, from America to South-East Asia. It contains all characters and symbols you'll ever need, including all punctuation and numbers.

Designed by Mans Greback, a versatile typeface craftsman, Horror Korpus is another feather in his cap, showcasing his ability to play with extremes and yet maintain a level of artistic coherence and appeal. Greback continues to push boundaries, offering fonts that are not only visually compelling but also narrate a story through their intricate design and personality.

-----------------------

For further information, please read the FAQ:
http://www.mansgreback.com/faq

